# Kade Bolen Portfolio

### What is the Purpose?
My portfolio website, hosted at https://kabolen.github.io, serves as an 
organized archive of my personal projects. I have photos and some 
documentation of the projects I've tackled since I began pursuing a 
degree in computer science, but no way to display them for myself and 
others to see. Many of them are not strictly 'computer science' related, 
but I believe that they serve as great example of my skills outside of 
writing code.

### Home Page
The home page, or landing page, is where you are taken when you 
initially visit the website. It has a short blip about what I made the 
website for and what purpose it serves.

### Projects Page
The projects page is the archive of all my major endeavors. They are 
displayed as card with a tile, short description, and links to their 
respective pages and GitHub repositories.

### About Me Page
The about me page has a much more in depth body of text which goes more 
into my personal interests and life until the present day. Give it a 
read if you are interested to learn more about me.

### Contact Page
The contact page has three links. One goes to my email, one to my 
LinkedIn, and one to my GitHub page. I will respond to queries through 
email or LinkedIn.
***

## Future Work
I plan to continue working on this website and improving it as I see fit.
So far it has gone through three major redesigns as I learn more about 
writing Javascript, HTML, and CSS code. I'd like to implement a way to 
grab images from my Google Drive and have them automatically populate 
individual project pages. I don't currently know if this is achievable 
through GitHub pages hosting, as it is a static website. I might attempt 
to write a small Python script to do this and manually update the code.